
You may purchase a recreation pass from a local vendor or you can visit one of the district offices.  For a list of vendors please click here. To purchase your recreation pass online please click here.
Yes
When open is a fee campground. Fee envelopes and a collection box are provided near the entrance.
Toms Lake Cabin can be rented for 7 consecutive nights.  To check availability of the cabin or to make a reservation call 906-341-5666.
Three Lakes Sno-Park: November 1 through April 30 an Oregon State Sno-Park Permit
This structure is currently in disrepair and not available for rent.
This site is a designated U.S. Fee Area. Visitors pay onsite. Recreation Schedule and Fee. 50% discount with Interagency Pass. If you are not camping at the campground a shower fee will be assessed.
This site is operated by Hoodoo Recreation Services.  Please see their website for a list of current fees.
This is a fee camping and day-use area.  Fee envelopes and a collection box are provided near the entrance.
This is a fee campground.  Reservations are required.
This is a fee campground.  Fee envelopes and a collection box are provided near the entrance.
This is a fee campground. operated by CFAIA. See CFAIA website. Reservations are required and are available year-round. Visit www.recreation.gov or call (877) 444-6777.
This is a fee campground. Fee envelopes and a collection box are provided near the entrance.
This is a fee campground.
This is a fee campground operated by CFAIA. See CFAIA website.
This is a fee campground operated by CFAIA. See CFAIA website. Reservations are available through www.recreation.gov or (877) 444-6777.
This is a fee campground operated by CFAIA. See CFAIA website. Reservations are required and are available year round. Visit www.recreation.gov or call (877) 444-6777.
This is a fee campground operated by CFAIA. See CFAIA website. Reservations are required and are available year-round. Visit www.recreation.gov or call (877) 444-6777.
This is a fee campground operated by CFAIA. See CFAIA website. Reservations are available through www.recreation.gov or (877) 444-6777.
This is a fee area.
This is a fee cabin.
There is a user fee station located in the campground.
There is a per night fee at this campground.
There is a parking fee at Angora Lakes Resort.
There is a per night fee for group use.
There is a per night fee for this campground.
There is a fee for overnight camping. Visitors may pay at the site or buy a fee pass at the Stearns office. More information: | Recreation schedule and fees | Where to buy your pass
There is a fee for camping sites and pavillions.  See Recreation Site Information.
There is a fee for camping. See Recreation Site Information.
There are fees for camping and day-use. The site is operated by CFAIA. See CFAIA website.
The fees are based on group size. Maximum occupancy is 100 people. Reservations must be made at least 4 days in advance. This campground requires a 2 night minimum stay on weekends and a 3 night minimum stay on holiday weekends.  Please call 877-444-6777 or visit www.recreation.gov website for more information.
The Syllamo Mountain Bike Trail is a fee area. The fees are kept locally to help maintain the trail and the trailhead facilities.
The Maroon Bells Scenic Area is a recreation fee area; there is a mandatory fee.
The Indian Crossing area has a trailhead and a campground with 2 separate fee sites. The Indian Crossing Trailhead is located on the northside of the Imnaha River and has an overflow site south of the river. The trailhead is a Northwest Forest pass site which requires either an Annual or Day Pass. The passes can be obtained before you visit at these websites and locations. You can also use the self-service fee station which is located at the site for purchasing day passes. The Indian Crossing Campground is located across the bridge south of the Imnaha River. It has a fee of $6.00/night for single family tent or trailer sites for users staying in the designated campsites. Visitors parking at the site in either the campsites or trailhead parking areas and spending extended time in the backcountry will need to have multiple day passes (or an annual pass for trailhead use).
Surcharge for electricity at 24 sites.
Stuart Lake Recreation Area is a designated fee area.
Subject to change. Please go to www.recreation.gov to reserve a site and view the current fees.
Subject to change. Visit www.recreation.gov to reserve a site and view the current fees.
Subject to change. Visit  www.recreation.gov to reserve a site and view the current fees
Special permit required for hunt camp use.
Some sites require a  Recreation Pass.
Some activities require fees
Some day use areas & campgrounds have day use and/or camping fees.
Some recreation areas and boat ramps require the purchase of a fee pass. | Recreation Fee Schedule | Where to buy your pass
See Campground Fee Table.
See Recreation Site Information.
See Recreation Site Information. An additional fee is charged for each vehicle after the 10th vehicle.
See Recreation Site Information. There are four bulletin boards and self-service stations located beside the toilets near Sites 5 8 11 and 20
See Recreation.gov for fee information.
See Recreation.gov for details on fees.
See Recreation.gov for fee description.
See Recreational Site Information.
See the specific recreation area for a description of fees for most campgrounds day use areas and boat launches there is a fee associated with the specific activity.
See Campground Fee Table.
See Ratcliff Lake Fee Table
See Recreation Site Information
Reservations can be made at www.recreation.gov. There is a user pay station at the entrance to the campground.
Reservations are taken for the Quartz Creek Campground. There is a user pay station at the entrance to the campground. For reservations please visit the National Recreation Reservation website at www.recreation.gov. Some first come first served sites are available. The maximum stay is 14 nights.
Reservations are available through the National Recreation Reservation System 1-877-444-6777 or www.recreation.gov. A reservation fee applies. Sunday - Thursday $170 per night; Friday and Saturday $200 per night. Minimum stay of 2 nights on weekends (Friday and Saturday) Maximum of 14 day stay. Check in at 3pm and check out is noon. A late departure fee of $25 maybe accessed. A maximum of 20 people are permitted overnight. Any changes or cancellations to reservations must be processed through the National Recreation Reservation System. Fees may apply.
Reservations and payment made through recreation.gov or call 877-444-6777.
Recreation Enhancement Act Fee - Day Use - | 4001 Bridge Canoe Landing | Gabions Campground and Day Use Area | Au Sable Loop Campground and Day Use AreaCamping - | Gabions Campground | Au Sable Loop Campground
Recreation Fee Schedule
Recreation Pass required at parking area no extra fee for camping.
Recreation pass (at Trout Creek Trailhead)
Recreation Fee - Camping - | Mack Lake CampgroundDay Use - | Mack Lake Campground
Recreation Fee - | Camping - | Island Lake Campground | Wagner Lake Campground | Day Use - | Island lake Campground | Loon Lake Day Use Area | Wagner Lake Campground
Recreation Enhancement Act Fee - | Day Use - | Wakeley Lake Semi-Primitive Nonmotorized Area | Camping - | Wakeley Lake Semi-Primitive Nonmotorized Area | Concessionaire Fee - | Camping - | Island Lake Campground | Day Use - | Island Lake Campground | Loon Lake Day Use Area
Recreation Enhancement Act Fee - Watercraft Permits - | Reservations are not required but are recommended.  Visit the Passes and Permits section for more information.
Recreation Enhancement Act Fee - Watercraft Permits - | Reservations are required. Visit the Passes and Permits section for more information.
Recreation Enhancement Act Fee - Watercraft Permits - | Reservations are required.  Visit the Passes and Permits section for more information.Recreation Enhancement Act Fee - Day Use - | Bowman Bridge River Access | Clabybanks | Gleasons Landing River Access | Green Cottage | Indian Bridge | Maple Leaf Trial and Fishing Access | Rainbow Rapids | Upper Branch Bridge LandingCamping - | ClabyanksConcessionaire Fee - Camping (per night): | Bowman Bridge Campground | Gleasons Landing Campground
Recreation Enhancement Act Fee - Watercraft Permits - | Reservations are required.  Visit the Passes and Permits section for more information.Recreation Enhancement Act Fee - Day Use - | Dobson Bridge | Elm Flats | Low Bridge | Peterson Bridge NorthConcessionaire Fee - Camping - | Peterson Bridge South CampgroundDay Use - | Peterson Bridge South Campground
Recreation Enhancement Act Fee - Day Use - | Hoags Lake | Lake Michigan Recreation Area - Beach and Day Use Area | Nurnberg TrailheadConcessionaire Fee - Camping - | Lake Michigan Recreation Area
Recreation Enhancement Act Fee - Day Use - | North Country Trail Marilla TrailheadConcessionaire Fee - Day Use - | Seation Creek Campground
Recreation Enhancement Act Fee - Day Use - | Pine Acres Boat Launch | Sawmill Point Boat Launch | Thompsons Landing River Access | Whirlpool Angler AccessCamping - | Au Sable River Primitive Camping
Recreation Enhancement Act Fee - Day Use - | Reid Lake M-72 Parking | Hoist Lake Trailheads
Recreation Enhancement Act Fee - Day Use - | Sawdust Hole | High Bridge | Blacksmith Bayou | Udell Rollways | Bear Creek | Rainbow Bend | Seaton Creek CampgroundCamping - | Seaton Creek Campground
Recreation Enhancement Act Fee - Day Use - | South Branch Campground and TrailheadConcessionaire Fee - Camping - | South Branch Campground and Trailhead
Recreation Enhancement Act Fee - Day Use - | 4001 Landing River Access | Au Sable Loop Campground and Day Use Area | Gabions Campground and Day Use Area | Pine Acres Boat Launch | Sawmill Point Boat Launch | Whirlpool Angler Access | Monument Campground | Rollways Day Use and River AccessCamping - | Au Sable Loop Campground | Au Sable River Primitive Camping | Gabions Campground | Monument Campground | Rollways Campground
Recreation Enhancement Act Fee - Day Use - | Bear Creek | Blacksmith Bayou | High Bridge Access Site | Rainbow Bend Access Site | Sawdust Hole River Access
Recreation Enhancement Act Fee - Day Use - | Big \M\ Cross-Country and Mountain Bike TrailConcessionaire Fee - Camping - | Hemlock Campground | Pine Lake Campground | Sand Lake Recreation AreaDay Use | Hemlock Day Use Area | Sand Lake Recreation Area
Recreation Enhancement Act Fee - Day Use - | Brush Lake Campground | Loda Lake National Wildflower SanctuaryCamping - | Brush Lake Campground | Indian Lake Campground | Minnie Pond Campground | Shelley Lake Campground
Recreation Enhancement Act Fee - Day Use - | Corsair Trailhead - Corsair Hiking and Cross Country Skiing Trail  | Round Lake Camping and Day Use | Sand Lake Day Use AreaCamping - | Round Lake Campground and Day Use
Recreation Enhancement Act Fee - Camping - | Diamond PointConcessionaire Fee - Camping - | Pines Point ComplexDay Use - | Pines Point Complex
Price and capacity varies by room and season. Call toll-free phone 1(800) 562 6672 to inquire.
Please visit or call NRRS at 1-877-444-6777 or on-line www.recreation.gov/
Please visit or call NRRS at 1-877-444-6777 or on-line: www.recreation.gov
Powerboat and floatboat reservations and permits are needed for this site.
Phone 877-444-6777 or visit www.recreation.gov for campground fee.
Phone 877-444-6777 or visit www.recreation.gov for campground  fee.
Per night per site fee: Varies depending on the site.  For reservations visit recreation.gov NOTE: Holders of a Golden Age and Golden Access Passports and Senior and Access Passes are entitled to the following discounts on expanded amenity recreation fees: -  A 50 percent discount on the fee for a single camping unit. This discount does not apply to use of a cabin lookout double camping unit triple camping unit group camping unit extra vehicle fees or any additional camping units and separately charged utility water hook-up or day use fees.
Occupancy of Forest Service cabins is by permit only. Reservations may be made up to 180 days in advance by calling (877)444-6777 toll free (518)885-3639 for overseas or via internet at www.recreation.gov.
Northwest Forest Pass is required at Trailhead.
No reservations are taken for the Bertha Creek Campground.  There is a user pay station at the entrance to the campground.
No reservations are taken for the Black Bear Campground.  There is a user pay station at the entrance to the campground.
N/A
Monte Cristo Campground recently underwent a total renovation. All campsites in the campground were totally revamped during the renovation. There are now 19 individual camp sites with sites #6 and #7 as double sites. In order to ensure fee compliance site #6 was designated as #6A and #6B; and site #7 was designated as #7A and #7B. This is to inform the public if both A and B sites are occupied at #6 and #7 campers will be required to pay double to occupy the double sites.
Lake Moomaw Fee Schedule
If overnighting in the BWCAW there is a fee.  Otherwise there is none.
For fee information visit http://www.recreation.gov Senior Pass and Access Pass are accepted at this campground. Sites with electric and water are $18/night. Sites with water only are $15.
Fees vary based on the departure location. Please click on the Railroad link below for current fares. Click here to visit the Alaska Railroad reservation system.
Fees in designated campgrounds.
Fees for camping and day-use. The site is operated by CFAIA. See CFAIA website.
Fees for camping and day-use. The site is operated by CFAIA. See CFAIA website. Campsite reservations are available through www.recreation.gov or (877) 444-6777.
Fees for camping and day-use. The site is operated by CFAIA. See CFAIA website. Campsite reservations are available through www.recreation.gov or (877) 444-6777.
Fees for Double Lake may be found at www.recreation.gov
Fees charged by Concessionaire. Concessionaire will accept cash or checks only no credit or debit.
Fees are required at some recreation sites.  | You will need to purchase a fee pass for camping overnight at Barren Fork Horse Camp  Apple Tree and Keno Shooting Ranges.  | Recreation Schedule and Fees | Where do I purchase Passes | How can I order a pass
Fees are collected at the entrance station.
Fees are required at Tree of Heaven Sarah Totten and Curly Jack campgrounds.
Fees are charged for camping and parking in the main parking lot.
Fees
Fee required.   | Recreation Schedule and Fees | Making Reservations
Fee information can be found at Recreation.gov
Fee area (current recreation fees and schedule)
Fee area. (current recreation fees and schedule)
Fee area. Please see attached recreation schedule and fees.
FREE permit required from the Mesa Ranger District office at 5140 E. Ingram St Mesa AZ 85205; 480-610-3300. Permits can be requested online or by email. The permit will be emailed to you within 48 hours (except weekends and hollidays). Click here to request a permit online.
Docking fees are determined by size of boat. Contact Ottawa National Forest for more information regarding fees.
Depending on the number of people there may be a fee for use call for information.
Day use walk in & walk out only permitted with no fees.
Current recreation fees and schedule
Current fees and regulations are posted at the self-service pay station.
Current fees and regulations are posted at the self-service pay station. Also see Recreation Schedule and Fees.
Current fees and regulations are posted at the self-service pay station. Current recreation fees and schedule.
Current fees and regulations are posted at the self-service pay station. See Recreation Fee Schedule for details.
Current fees.  Camping fees include swimming privilges.
Crescent Creek is not on the reservation system. There is a user-fee station at the campground.
Concessionaire Fee - Camping - | Bear Track Campground | Old Grade Campground
Concessionaire Fee - Camping - | Pine River CampgroundDay Use - | Pine River Campground
Contact Diamond Lake RV Park for current fees
Contact Diamond Lake Resort for current fees for lodging recreation & equipment rentals (541) 793-3333 | Diamond Lake Resort guests may use Forest Service boat launch for free.
Contact NSCD.
Camping: 3/20/16 - 11/29/16$8/site/nightClosed: 11/30/16 - mid-March 2017
Camping Fee: Donations accepted at bulletin board near parking area
Call of the Canyon and Grasshopper Point are special fee areas. See the Red Rock Pass page for information on which passes are valid for these two Oak Creek Canyon sites.
Boat Ramps - Alfrey Claylick Poppin Rock Longbow Scott Creek and Warix. The boat ramps are open all year except for Warix. (Warix closed December to April.) The use of most developed recreation areas around Cave Run Lake requires a fee. Visitors may purchase a pass at local vendors or at the Cumberland Ranger District office. A 50% discount is available with an Interagency Pass*. The discount may be obtained only when purchasing at a district office location. Only one annual pass may be purchased with pass discount.
Call the Womble Office at (870) 867-2101 for fee and reservation information. (current recreations fees and schedule)
A reservation charge is added to the price of the site.  | Fees vary between sites.
A reservation charge is added to the price of the site | Fees varies with site
A recreation use fee is required for Flatwoods Grove Holly Bay Marsh Branch and Laurel Bridge boat ramps.  | Recreation Schedule and Fees | Where to Buy Your Pass
A fee is required for boat launching and using the parking area above the boat ramp.  | Recreation Schedule and Fees | Where to buy your pass
A fee is required to use the campground. | Recreation Schedule and Fees
A fee is required to use this area. | Recreation Schedule and Fees
A fee is required to use this boat ramp. | Recreation Schedule and Fees | Where to buy your pass
A fee is required to use this campground.  Visitors may pay onsite. Recreation Schedule and Fees
A fee is required to use this site. See reservation section.
A fee is required to use this site. | Recreation Schedule and Fees | Where to buy your pass
A fee is required to use this site. You may pay at onsite or purchase a pass from a local vendor or at the Stearns District office. Free use is available with an Interagency Pass which must be visibly displayed. | The amphitheater and two group picnic shelters are available for rent at $25/day each. | Recreation Schedule and Fees | Purchasing a pass
A fee is required to use this boat ramp.  | Recreation Schedule and Fees | Where to buy your pass
A fee is required to use this campground. Pay at site. Recreation Schedule and Fees
A fee is required to use this campground. Pay at site.   Recreation Schedule and Fees
A fee is required to use this campground. | Recreation Schedule and Fees | Making Reservations
A fee is required to use this campground. | Recreation Schedule and Fees
A fee is required to use the campground. Campers register and pay at a self-serve pay station.  | Recreation Schedule and Fees
A fee pass is required to use the boat ramp.  | Recreation Schedule and Fees | Where to buy passes
A fee pass is required to use this boat ramp.  | Recreation Schedule and Fees | Where to buy your pass
A fee pass is required to use the boat ramp.  | Recreation Schedule and Fees | Where to buy your pass
A fee pass is required to use this boat ramp. | Recreation Schedule and Fees | Where to buy your pass
A fee pass is required.  | Recreation Schedule and Fees | Where to buy a pass
A fee is required. A fee pass must be displayed inside vehicles parked at the boat ramp. | Recreation Schedule and Fees | Where to buy your pass
A fee is charged for the use of this facility.
A Habitat Stamp is required to enter the Mount Evans State Wildlife Area from the Colorado Division of Wildlife.
A camping fee is required. View Recreation Schedule and Fees (pdf)
A camping fee is required. View Recreation Schedule and Fees (pdf).
A camping fee is required. Please pay at the entrance station.  | Recreation Schedule and Fees | Making Reservations
A Federal Dock Site Boat Permit is required from May 1 – October 31 for use of all National Forest and Park Service docks on Lake Chelan.
(See Lee District Fee Schedule Sheet)

Fees for individual recreation facilities are indicated on the web page for that individual site. |   | For general information and a fee schedule for the Littlerock Recreation area please follow this link.   |   | If you have any questions regarding fees at this or other recreation facilities on the District please contact the District Office for  information.
Fees apply only if you park at a designated recreation area
Fees apply to some activities. Contact the Uwharrie National Forest for details.
Campground fees may be found at www.recreation.gov
All vehicles on KY 15 or in the Red River Gorge and Indian Creek area north of KY 15 must display a recreation permit for backcountry camping between the hours of 10 p.m. and 6 a.m. | Recreation Schedule and Fees | Where to buy your pass
A reservation charge is added to the price of the site. | Fee varies with site
