$0 No Fees Collected campground is under minimal maintenance schedule due to budget constraints.
$0.00
$0.00 Pack In/Pack Out
$0.00 Pack in/Pack out
$0.00  Pack in/Pack out
$0.00   Pack in/Pack out
$0

2016 price is a donation for a single unit campsite due to limited services at the campground.

campground - donations accepted.

camping fee: donations accepted at bulletin board near parking area
camping: free | day use: $5/vehicle/day at cultus lake boating site and cultus lake picnic site. recreation passes may be used as a form of fee payment.
camping: no fee  | trailhead: $5/vehicle/day

donation tube
donations accepted

fees are not presently required for day or overnight use in meiss country.
fees are not presently required for day or overnight use in the granite chief wilderness.
fees are not presently required for day or overnight use in the mokelumne wilderness.
fees are not presently required for day or overnight use in the mt. rose wilderness.
fees are waived for the remainder of the 2011 season. | please pack all of your trash out.  trash pickup will not take place at this campground for the remainder of the 2011 season. | $5/night for single unit

hiking is free but a trail permit is required for horseback riding. a trail permit is $12/day $24/3-day or $45/season.
hiking is free of charge.  a trail permit is required for mountain bike use on the trail.
hovey lake campground is a no fee area.

free
free - dispersed camping
free - no fees required at this site.
free camping.
free camping. however there is a $5 daily parking fee required.
free during big game hunting season (october 1 - december 31) and turkey season (april 1 - 30) and $30 per night plus a $10 reservation fee during the remainder of the year.
free first come first served.
free first-come first-served
free of charge
free of charge.
free permit required from the mesa ranger district office at 5140 e. ingram st mesa az 85205; 480-610-3300. permits can be requested online or by email. the permit will be emailed to you within 48 hours (except weekends and hollidays). click here to request a permit online.
free site
free.

no
no camping fee is required at this site.
no charge campsite - limited services provided
no charge for use of this campground due to limited services provide.  please pack in and pack out.
no charge for use of this campground.
no charge please be aware that there are no services provided at this location. please pack in pack out supplies and garbage.
no charge.

no fee
no fee - donations accepted
no fee -donations accepted
no fee -scenic byway
no fee 9/30 - 5/15.
no fee at this location
no fee at this time
no fee charged
no fee charged.
no fee for camping
no fee for camping - limited services are provided
no fee for camping.
no fee for day use or camping.
no fee for tent camping; electrical hookups are $20.00.
no fee for the use of the area but a trinity alps wilderness permit and a california campfire permit are required for the use of the area.  both of these permits are issued at no cost to the visitor.
no fee for trail use/ $5 per vehicle fee for beartree beach area.
no fee however campground fees apply when staying at nearby developed sites.
no fee however campground fees do apply when staying at nearby developed sites
no fee in winter no water and no trash service. $21 per night during summer season.
no fee is charged for the use of this facility.
no fee is charged for use of this area
no fee is required for this site.
no fee is required to backpack in the maroon bells – snowmass wilderness or hike the four pass loop. you will need to complete a free registration at the trailhead before hiking. to access the trailhead at maroon lake you must enter the maroon bells scenic area before 8am or after 5pm to access with a vehicle which a $10 entrance fee is required.  a shuttle busses runs for all visitors arriving between 8am-5pm. for further information click here to link to the maroon bells scenic area webpage or call the aspen ranger station.
no fee is required to visit the site.
no fee is required except when renting a shelter. the shelter rental fee is $25/day.
no fee no reservation.  first-come first-served
no fee no reservations.
no fee no services
no fee no services.
no fee or pass is required for the site.
no fee or pass is required to use the campground.
no fee or passes are required at the site.
no fee or passes are required for this site.
no fee required
no fee required for the 5 individual sites. there is a $14.00 per night fee for the group site which can accommodate 15 people and can be reserved. reservations are available for this site from the friday of memorial day weekend to the tuesday after labor day. this is the only site available for reservation at lake inez. for reservations visit recreation.gov
no fee required.
no fee to camp or picnic.
no fee.
no fee. please see attached for recreation schedule and fees.
no fee. vault toilet available. atvs are not allowed in this dispersed camping area or on the main indian creek road with the exception of the area to twitchell canyon from pole canyon.
no fee.  first come first served.
no fee.  no reservations.
no fee/no adventure pass needed
no fee; first come first served.
no fee; no reservations.  first-come first-served.
no fee; not routinely maintained.
no fees
no fees ! must have a valid colorado fishing license to be fishing on public lands.
no fees (current recreation fees and schedule)
no fees are assessed when using this area.
no fees are associated with this site.
no fees are required for this site.
no fees are required for this site..
no fees at this site
no fees but donations accepted.
no fees charged
no fees charged-no services provided during the off-season.
no fees charged.
no fees during winter season (typically october through april). american land & leisure operates the pines campground during the summer (typically may through september) and charges the following fees: | $19.00 for a single-family site | $90.00 for the group site (50 person capacity)american land & leisure operates this campground under a special use permit administered by the forest service. the fees paid by concessionairs finance the refurbishment of facilities in the campgrounds they operate.
no fees for camping however fees are involved in traveling to and from the holden village area. see directions for details.
no fees for dispersed camping.
no fees for this campground.
no fees no reservations. first come first served.
no fees or passes are needed or this site
no fees or passes are required at this site.
no fees or passes are required for this site.
no fees or permits are required.
no fees.
no fees. limit 2 vehicles per site.
no fees; however reservations are required at recreation.gov
no fee  no trash service except memorial weekend through labor day weekend

no services no fees
no site fee; current colorado atv/ohv/snowmobile registration required.

no forest adventure pass required at these locations
no forest adventure pass required at this location
no forest adventure pass required at this site.
no passes or fees are required for this site.

non-fee campground
non-fee campground.
non-fee site.
no fee for 2016 camping fee requirement will begin in 2017
none
none (current recreation fees and schedule)
none - donations accepted
none for day use
none.

not a fee site.

no however donations are accepted.

permit required for overnight backcountry camping.

there are no fees
there are no fees at rustic campgrounds or backcountry sites
there are no fees charged at this site.
there are no fees for this campground.
there are no fees.

there is no fee ($0.00) for this camground.
there is no fee ($0.00) for this campground.
there is no fee at backcountry campsites.
there is no fee at rustic campgrounds or backcountry campsites.
there is no fee at rustic campgrounds.
there is no fee charged for this campground
there is no fee for dispersed camping or day use within the paint creek corridor.
there is no fee for recreating at rrra. however your ohv needs to be registered for a permit. for information on registration and permits visit http://www.parks.state.co.us.
there is no fee for the campground or pavilion.
there is no fee for the use of this picnic area.
there is no fee for the use of this site.
there is no fee for this campground
there is no fee for this campground ($0.00) .
there is no fee for this campground ($0.00).
there is no fee for this campground.
there is no fee for this facility
there is no fee no water and no host.
there is no fee or permit required for dispersed camping.
there is no fee to use this site.
there is no fee.

this is a no charge campsite.
this is a no fee campground.
this is a no-charge campground however there is a donation fee tube at the campground for those who would like to contribute funds.
this is a no-charge campground.
this is a no-fee area and no waterthere are 18 single sites
this is a non-fee area.
this is not a fee campground.
This is a free facility.

milsap bar is a non-fee site.

No fee/no Adventure Pass needed
No fee for 2016 Camping fee requirement will begin in 2017
No fee for trail use/ $5 per vehicle fee for Beartree Beach area.
Free Site
There is no fee for recreating at RRRA. However your OHV needs to be registered for a permit. For information on registration and permits visit http://www.parks.state.co.us.
Sites are available on a first come first served basis at no fee.
Single Sites - No Fee. First-come first-served. Group sites: 1 to 75 people $35.00 per night. To reserve group area call 435-836-2811.
Free - dispersed camping
Free of charge
Free of charge.
Permit required for overnight backcountry camping.
No fees; however reservations are required at recreation.gov
No passes or fees are required for this site.
No fees or passes are needed or this site
No fees or passes are required at this site.
No fees or passes are required for this site.
No fee; not routinely maintained.
No Forest Adventure Pass required at these locations
No Forest Adventure Pass required at this location
No Forest Adventure Pass required at this site.
Included in recreation area fee
Included in the day use fee for the recreation area
Camping: No fee  | Trailhead: $5/vehicle/day
Camping: Free | Day Use: $5/vehicle/day at Cultus Lake Boating Site and Cultus Lake Picnic Site. Recreation passes may be used as a form of fee payment.
Fees are waived for the remainder of the 2011 season. | Please pack all of your trash out.  Trash pickup will not take place at this campground for the remainder of the 2011 season. | $5/Night for single unit
Campground - Donations accepted.
Adventure Pass is not required.
